
krucha@rpi.edu - Adam Kruchkow
adambleclair@gmail.com - Adam LeClair
adriannekunkel@gmail.com - Adrianne Kunkel
andorhal99@gmail.com - Andrew Brezovsky
shapia3@rpi.edu - Andrew Shapiro
reiman7@gmail.com - Ben Franchi
brettmcneff@yahoo.com - Brett McNeff
cassie.brayfield@gmail.com - Cassie Brayfield
clitvaitis@gmail.com - Catherine Litvaitis
philip.vonrichtofen@uconn.edu - Cole VonRichthofen
byrnec3@rpi.edu - Cory Byrne
fuller.the.beast@gmail.com - Fuller Taylor
itravis888@gmail.com - Ian Travis
jam.lambert@yahoo.com - Jack Lamberti
pdpiech@gmail.com - Peter Piech
regaf3@gmail.com - Reginald Franklin
johnss18@rpi.edu - Spencer Johnson
soumyarupsarkar0@gmail.com - Soumyarup "Shoom" Sarkar
trrm117@gmail.com - Thomas Manzini
yashpant01@yahoo.com - Yash Pant


mattnolin@1stplayable.com - Matt Nolin
nicole@1stplayable.com - Nicole Plummer

Other advertising I can do myself - Facebook, Reddit groups
